Improves docker X11 forwarding documentation (#685)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: docs/source/deployment/docker.rst

    # stop the container
    ./docker/container.sh stop

> To enable X11 forwarding, set ``__ISAACLAB_X11_FORWARDING_ENABLED: 1`` in ``docker/.container.yaml``,
> and rerun ``./docker/container.sh stop`` and ``./docker/container.sh start``. This will allow apps to behave as local GUI windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

X11 forwarding
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The container supports X11 forwarding, which allows the user to run GUI applications from the container and display them
on the host machine.

The first time a container is started with ``./docker/container.sh start``, the script prompts
the user whether to activate X11 forwarding. This will create a file ``docker/.container.yaml`` to store the user's choice.
Subsequently, X11 forwarding can be toggled by changing ``__ISAACLAB_X11_FORWARDING_ENABLED`` to 0 or 1 in ``docker/.container.yaml``.
```
